.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

[semver]: http://semver.org/

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish
to make via issue, email, or any other method with the owners of this repository
before making a change.

Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions
with the project.

## Pull Request Process

1. Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the
   layer when performing a build.
2. Update the `README.md` or `docs` with details of change to the project, this
   includes new flags, environment variables, exposed ports, useful file
   locations and container parameters.
3. Specify how your change should affect our versioning scheme when merged. For
   more information on how we implement versioning, check out the [semver][]
   documentation. PRs will be grouped into logical version groups so that we
   aren't incrementing the version on every merge.
4. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of other
   developers, or if you do not have permission to do that, you may request a
   reviewer to merge it for you.

Commit message:

filling out the project with some baselines from others so I can delete them

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Contributing

[released]: https://help.github.com/articles/github-terms-of-service/#6-contributions-under-repository-license

Hi there! We're thrilled that you'd like to contribute to this project. Your
help is essential for keeping it great.

Contributions to this project are [released][released] to the public under the
project's open source license.

## Submitting a pull request

1. Fork and clone the repository
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b my-branch-name`
3. Make your change, add tests, and make sure the tests still pass
4. Push to your fork and submit a pull request
5. Pat your self on the back and wait for your pull request to be reviewed and merged.

Here are a few things you can do that will increase the likelihood of your pull
request being accepted:

- Follow standards for style and code quality
- Write tests.
- Keep your change as focused as possible. If there are multiple changes you
  would like to make that are not dependent upon each other, consider submitting
  them as separate pull requests.
- Write a [good commit message](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).

## Resources

- [How to Contribute to Open Source](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/)
- [Using Pull Requests](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/)
- [GitHub Help](https://help.github.com)
